# Meeting Notes, Jennifer Yoon  

# ***DRAFT***

### Agenda: 
 * Discuss producing public demo, goal IndiGoGo, External Reviewers    
 * Soft Date: April 1, 2026 to IndieGoGo (https://www.indiegogo.com/en), Reviewers before then.
 * Update - Me to provide to Rocardo: prediction model, pytorch format (Friday 3/6/2026 call same time)  
 * Update - Data will be streamed in 10-second chunks. Saved to a folder accessible online by Colab notebook.  

### I. Data Format for Prediction Model:  

Format for ECG prototype output recordings:  
Data format should be about 250 samples per second (250 hertz), using + and - floating point numbers, precision of float 16 or float 32 is good enough, in units of micro volts or milli volts (to be set later), and in one of the following file formats:  
 * common Python data formats:  .csv, .txt, .mat, .h5 or .hdf5, .py, .npy or .npz
 * or spreadsheet formats: Excel or Google Sheets
   
Recording duration per session should be 30 seconds to 5 minutes during evaluation phase. Each recording should also generate a header file (.hea) with user and date identifying information. V2, V5/V6, Limb I, Limb II should be identified and be shown in rows. Timed microvolt data series will be in columns. You may use padding zeros in the beginning or end of each stream if that helps you. You can also add identifiers at the beginning or end of each stream with fixed length.   

Sample data, 10 records of PTB-XL, my Github repo:  
https://github.com/JennEYoon/ECG-transform/tree/main/data/public/ptb-xl

### II. Data Processing, before model input:  

 * Conduct error tests, verify is usable data
 * Units converted, or verify units are correct.
 * Run any noise filtering functions.  
 * For 1D-CNN Model, split data stream into single heart-beats.  
 * For time-series models, call data transform functions.  

### III. Model Run and Results:   

The prediction AI model will run on a Google Colab Jupyter Notebook environment (public account now, private account later). Recording file(s) will be fetched by Colab from an external web source before execution. It will be set to auto-execute or to 1-button execute. Results will be show in the Jupyter Notebook with Diagnostic Class Prediction(s) and heart beat figure(s). This can be used by any other website to provide a better UI for the public user. Colab can finish by writing resulting file(s) to an external web destination.   

 * My Google Drive shared (Download access): 
    * data folder 
    * trained model with weights
    * Jupyter notebook with sample figures  

### IV. Connections, input & output:  

 * Input - 10-second recording files fetched from external folder (read, download permission)
 * Colab: data processed on Colab Jupyter Notebook (public now, later use private account)   
 * Colab: Execute prediction model. (Automatically, or with 1-button)   
 * Colab: Results saved to output files, predictions generated, figures generated.  
 * Output - Write results to external folder (write permission).  

### V. Data Sources, Papers - Reference:  
(Link to be added by me)   

 * Data Sources:
    * MIT-BIH (2-signal, US) and PTB original (12-signal, Germany)
    * PTB-XL (12-signal, Germany)
    * SPH (12-signal, China)
    * From 2020 and 2021 Physionet Challenges

 * ECG-Transform, original from Jason 2024, 1D-CNN model
   - MIT and PTB original datasets (written before large datasets became available).
   - MIT has 2 signals, PTB had 12-signals, but were not fully used.  

 * 2020 and 2021 Physionet Challenges: Data Sources for ~100,000 patients, 12-signal, multiple countries.  

 * ResNets+SE paper, 12-signal (2nd place 2021 challenge)

 * Transformers paper, 12-signal (1st place 2021 challenge)



